Data is an integral part of our system. Data should be stored or say arranged in such a way that it can be efficiently utilised and operations can be performed easily.

We have primary memory ,i.e., CPU (micro processor) or RAM , Temporary storage. The processor executes the programs inside the main memory.
Then we have secondary memory ,i.e., HDD or external storage or ROM , Permanent storage.When we download and install any application, the program files of the application
i.e., the .exe files are stored in the secondary memory and the data related to this application is also stored in the secondary memory.

Now , when I want to use the application , lets say MS Word , the program files of this application are then brought in the main memory. The data related to the app is also 
brought in the main memory.Now the processor starts executing the program files in the main memory and during the execution of the program , the arrangement of the data inside 
main memory , in such way that data can be utilised efficiently and operations can be performed efficiently is called DATA STRUCTURES.That is how it will arrange the data in the main memory.
So data structures is a part of running program. Data structures , is not on the disk , it is in the main memory.

When Data grows in size , the two terms Database and Datawarehouse come in picture. So basically when the data is big in size and is commercial data , It can be divided in two categories
1. Operational Data - data that is used on daily basis
2. Legacy Data - Historical data , that is inactive at present but can be retrived and utilised of some purpose.

When we work with big size , operational data , the data is stored in databases on the Disk (secondary storage) and when the application needs the data , it is loaded in the main memory and again ,
how thge data is arranged in the main memory , we need data structures.

When we are dealing with very large size , legacy data , the data is stored in the array of disks , this is called Data Warehouse and the algorithms written to analyse this data is called data mining algorithms

******  Static v/s Dynamic Memory Allocation  *******



